You 've finally managed to discover the secret to immortality . Suddenly , Death appears before you , hands you a business card , and says , `` When you realize living forever sucks , call this number , I 've got a job offer for you . '' 
The moon is actually a giant egg , and it has just started to hatch . 
You find a rip in time walking through the alleys . You enter it to find yourself on a metal table with surgical instruments on a chair next to you . 
For years in your youth the same imaginary character appears in your dreams , you are good friends . Years later , when adult , you meet her in real life , she clearly recognises you and tries to avoid you , and you want answers . 
You glance at your watch 10:34 am , roughly 10 seconds later your plane explodes over the Pacific Ocean . Your eyes open as you jolt awake . The familiar hum of the planes engine remains . Checking your watch it is 9:35 
Through Iron And Flame 
You live in a world where there has never been sickness , and you are the first to have ever experienced being sick . 
You are at the park with your kids , when you see the telltale signs of a lightning strike . You divert your kids from danger , but are hit by lightning . Soon after , you discover that your Dad Senses have increased 100 fold . 
Write a horror story from the perspective of the antagonist . Make them as sympathetic as possible . 
An alien invasion happens during an alien invasion . 
Season 30 of Game of Thrones 
The worst job interview anyone has ever had 
A boy pretends he is an astronaut in order to help cope with concepts and situations he ca n't understand . 
The Earth is flat , you , as the head of NASA , have to explain to the incoming President why its a secret . 
You hold the job title in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter where you say random words looking for spells 
Despite years of research , vetting , and training , the first person to contact extraterrestrial intelligent life goes WAY off script . 
A retired soldier sets out on a journey . . . and gets entangled in mob warfare between various magical factions . 
A person is bragging about their time as a soldier . Being a veteran , you find out this person is a fake . You see him again bragging . 
`` Sir , our assault on the humans is failing . '' `` What ! '' roared the alien overlord . `` How is this possible ? '' `` Well , um . . . they ate our ammunition . '' 
`` My fellow Americans . . . '' The newly elected President begins . `` I am gay , and have been my whole life . '' Give me your best account of the country 's reaction . 
